README.md, before:

# Pokemon

With pygame library
With pokebase for existing pokemon database

branches :  
main  
preprod  
menu  
pokedex  
combat_system  
api  
sounds  

## Description :

Pokemon type game with graphical user interface, name, health points, levels, attack power, defense, at least 18 types (who decide characteristics : HP, ATK, DEF), can evolve, with combat system between two pokemons, can miss attack, if life is zero then message with name of winning pokemon, they will be saved in a pokedex.json file. The pokedex will be the team : if a pokemon loses, it disappears from it.
Each class needs to be in a separate file
Add pokemon in menu : 
Activate pokemon from pokedex (latent pokemons from all generation, if you want to add one you click on it and it
will show up in the game)
then it becomes hidden apart from the one you chose and the others you add by defeating
Access pokedex : from current save
Add option to heal between fights or menu
Add a method to heal after the pokemon is defeated


### Going further :

At launch : new game or saved game, if new game then pokedex = 0, user can use multiple pokemons, can choose between attack or switch pokemon. Can also have flee option.
Exploration mode (Like Safari Park)but only if everything else is perfect.

We can use existing pokemons or create some, but if we create the art part will be heavy


## Tasks organisation : 

Menu (Rayan)
Pokedex.json (Rayan)
Combat system (Matthieu)
API install for existing pokemons, types, etc (Maybe need some creation for types) (Allan)
Musics and Sounds (Allan)

### Going further : 

New game / Saved game
Combat options : Flee / Give Up option
User can choose from Pokedex to change Pokemon

### Presentation : 

Slides needs to be done

Commit message:

Readme update regarding database / API

README.md, after:

# Pokemon

With pygame library
With pokebase for existing pokemon database
database must be accessible while offline

branches :  
main  
preprod  
menu  
pokedex  
combat_system  
api  
sounds  

## Description :

Pokemon type game with graphical user interface, name, health points, levels, attack power, defense, at least 18 types (who decide characteristics : HP, ATK, DEF), can evolve, with combat system between two pokemons, can miss attack, if life is zero then message with name of winning pokemon, they will be saved in a pokedex.json file. The pokedex will be the team : if a pokemon loses, it disappears from it.
Each class needs to be in a separate file
Add pokemon in menu : 
Activate pokemon from pokedex (latent pokemons from all generations, if you want to add one you click on it and it
will show up in the game)
database must be accessible while offline
then it becomes hidden apart from the one you chose and the others you add by defeating
Access pokedex : from current save
Add option to heal between fights or menu
Add a method to heal after the pokemon is defeated


### Going further :

At launch : new game or saved game, if new game then pokedex = 0, user can use multiple pokemons, can choose between attack or switch pokemon. Can also have flee option.
Exploration mode (Like Safari Park)but only if everything else is perfect.

We can use existing pokemons or create some, but if we create the art part will be heavy


## Tasks organisation : 

Menu (Rayan)
Pokedex.json (Rayan)
Combat system (Matthieu)
API install for existing pokemons, types, etc (Maybe need some creation for types) (Allan)
Musics and Sounds (Allan)

### Going further : 

New game / Saved game
Combat options : Flee / Give Up option
User can choose from Pokedex to change Pokemon

### Presentation : 

Slides needs to be done
